README.md, before:

[![Master Build branch](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/TasmanLeach/virtual-pokemon-tabletop-2/master.svg?label=Master%20Build)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/TasmanLeach/virtual-pokemon-tabletop-2)
[![Beta Build branch](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/TasmanLeach/virtual-pokemon-tabletop-2/Beta.svg?label=Beta%20Build)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/TasmanLeach/virtual-pokemon-tabletop-2)
[![Alpha Build branch](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/TasmanLeach/virtual-pokemon-tabletop-2/Alpha.svg?label=Alpha%20Build)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/TasmanLeach/virtual-pokemon-tabletop-2)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/Virtual-PTU/Virtual-Pokemon-Tabletop/all.svg?label=Latest%20Version)](https://github.com/Virtual-PTU/Virtual-Pokemon-Tabletop/releases)
[![Libraries.io for GitHub](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/Virtual-PTU/Virtual-Pokemon-Tabletop.svg)](https://github.com/Virtual-PTU/Virtual-Pokemon-Tabletop)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Virtual-PTU/virtual-pokemon-tabletop.svg?label=Licence)](https://github.com/Virtual-PTU/Virtual-Pokemon-Tabletop/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/277549582961868800.svg?colorB=7289DA&label=Discord)](https://discord.gg/fYExGbz)


# Virtual Pokémon Tabletop
Software designed specifically for running PTU on the internet.  

This came to me as an idea after I was running my own game with some friends when i killed the game from being incompetent with the battle mechanics.  

So, when I went to make this I decided to take the useful features from Roll20.net and add them to the base of this software so that people don’t need to pay for the premium to use those features.

## Contribution / Supporting the project
### Code Contributions
Want to help? Just make a fork and follow these rules.

1. Code needs to be Commented, Documented, Formatted and Tested.
2. The code we are working on is in the "Dev" Branch, Edit and make changes in here to keep upto date
3. Add yourself to `contributors.js` if you haven't already
4. Pull request into the "Dev" branch, I will look and accept it there.

All help would be appreciated. and this project is done in C# Using WPF.
### Supporting future Development
I am making this software for you for free. I do not expect anything from you just your feedback. If you want to pledge more than just feedback to support future development then donations will be accepted... No Donations will be accepted prior to the official release of **Beta_0.0.1 - Build 1**

### Documentation Contributors
If you think the documentation needs work, follow the steps below to add some docs:

1. Fork the repo.
2. Make some documentation in the `docs` directory in Markdown. Make sure it is understandable!
3. Give it a descriptive file name, separating words with underscores.
4. Add the page to the `docs/pages.js` file, following the instructions there.
5. Make sure that any aliases don't already exist, and that the file name isn't an alias already.
  a. If the file name is already an alias, make an issue.

## Platform Status

### Supported Platform Status
| Platform Type   | Server       | Save Editor   | Client        | API           |
|-----------------|--------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|
| PC (Windows)    | Alpha Stages | Alpha Stages  | Alpha Stages  | In Design     |
| PC (Mac)        | Not Started  | Not Started   | Not Started   | Not Started   |
| PC (Linux)      | Not Started  | Not Started   | Not Started   | Not Started   |
| Mobile (IOS)    |              |               | In Design\*   | In Design\*\* |
| Mobile (Android)|              |               | In Design\*   | In Design\*\* |

\* - This software costs money to make so it will cost a onetime $0.99 to purchase (IOS & Android Apps Only)  
\*\* - This API will be private, and you will need to register with me to get the API for the IOS & Android Platforms (Security Reasons)

## Links
Road Map: https://trello.com/b/G8V5Musv/  
Forum Post About This: http://forums.pokemontabletop.com/topic/30059453/1/  
Discord Server: https://discordapp.com/invite/fYExGbz  
Public Google Drive: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0Bxg9n3R5Ivhxd0VGZHJFUFNrZ1k?usp=sharing 

Google Drive Note: This folder contains screenshots and other useful resources (E.G. Template Save Files and Resources)

## Doc's and Support
Support and Documentation is important for any piece of software, not just for new people to get an understanding of basic functions, but to also give more advanced information and help in diagnosing issues

### Documentation
Below are links to the available doc's (Note: The doc's will be available when the software is in a more usable state.)

Videos (YouTube): [No Video's Available yet]  
PDF (Google Drive): [No PDF's Available yet]

### Support
When you need help, might it be, just a question or your having an issue you need to resolve, there are a few places to go

Discord Server: https://discordapp.com/invite/fYExGbz

## Bugs
Please report all crashes to the Issues Tab above. This will help us in fixing these bugs quickly and patch them in a new release. Please if you see a report for a similar bug please don’t open a new issue.

Commit message:

Changed Development State of the Client

README.md, after:

[![Master Build branch](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/TasmanLeach/virtual-pokemon-tabletop-2/master.svg?label=Master%20Build)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/TasmanLeach/virtual-pokemon-tabletop-2)
[![Beta Build branch](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/TasmanLeach/virtual-pokemon-tabletop-2/Beta.svg?label=Beta%20Build)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/TasmanLeach/virtual-pokemon-tabletop-2)
[![Alpha Build branch](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/TasmanLeach/virtual-pokemon-tabletop-2/Alpha.svg?label=Alpha%20Build)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/TasmanLeach/virtual-pokemon-tabletop-2)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/Virtual-PTU/Virtual-Pokemon-Tabletop/all.svg?label=Latest%20Version)](https://github.com/Virtual-PTU/Virtual-Pokemon-Tabletop/releases)
[![Libraries.io for GitHub](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/Virtual-PTU/Virtual-Pokemon-Tabletop.svg)](https://github.com/Virtual-PTU/Virtual-Pokemon-Tabletop)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Virtual-PTU/virtual-pokemon-tabletop.svg?label=Licence)](https://github.com/Virtual-PTU/Virtual-Pokemon-Tabletop/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/277549582961868800.svg?colorB=7289DA&label=Discord)](https://discord.gg/fYExGbz)


# Virtual Pokémon Tabletop
Software designed specifically for running PTU on the internet.  

This came to me as an idea after I was running my own game with some friends when i killed the game from being incompetent with the battle mechanics.  

So, when I went to make this I decided to take the useful features from Roll20.net and add them to the base of this software so that people don’t need to pay for the premium to use those features.

## Contribution / Supporting the project
### Code Contributions
Want to help? Just make a fork and follow these rules.

1. Code needs to be Commented, Documented, Formatted and Tested.
2. The code we are working on is in the "Dev" Branch, Edit and make changes in here to keep upto date
3. Add yourself to `contributors.js` if you haven't already
4. Pull request into the "Dev" branch, I will look and accept it there.

All help would be appreciated. and this project is done in C# Using WPF.
### Supporting future Development
I am making this software for you for free. I do not expect anything from you just your feedback. If you want to pledge more than just feedback to support future development then donations will be accepted... No Donations will be accepted prior to the official release of **Beta_0.0.1 - Build 1**

### Documentation Contributors
If you think the documentation needs work, follow the steps below to add some docs:

1. Fork the repo.
2. Make some documentation in the `docs` directory in Markdown. Make sure it is understandable!
3. Give it a descriptive file name, separating words with underscores.
4. Add the page to the `docs/pages.js` file, following the instructions there.
5. Make sure that any aliases don't already exist, and that the file name isn't an alias already.
  a. If the file name is already an alias, make an issue.

## Platform Status

### Supported Platform Status
| Platform Type   | Server       | Save Editor   | Client         | API           |
|-----------------|--------------|---------------|----------------|---------------|
| PC (Windows)    | Alpha Stages | Alpha Stages  |In Development  | In Design     |
| PC (Mac)        | Not Started  | Not Started   |In Development  | Not Started   |
| PC (Linux)      | Not Started  | Not Started   |In Development  | Not Started   |
| Mobile (IOS)    |              |               |In Development\*| Not Started   |
| Mobile (Android)|              |               |In Development\*| Not Started   |

\* - This software costs money to make so it will cost a onetime $0.99 to purchase (IOS & Android Apps Only)

## Links
Road Map: https://trello.com/b/G8V5Musv/  
Forum Post About This: http://forums.pokemontabletop.com/topic/30059453/1/  
Discord Server: https://discordapp.com/invite/fYExGbz  
Public Google Drive: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0Bxg9n3R5Ivhxd0VGZHJFUFNrZ1k?usp=sharing 

Google Drive Note: This folder contains screenshots and other useful resources (E.G. Template Save Files and Resources)

## Doc's and Support
Support and Documentation is important for any piece of software, not just for new people to get an understanding of basic functions, but to also give more advanced information and help in diagnosing issues

### Documentation
Below are links to the available doc's (Note: The doc's will be available when the software is in a more usable state.)

Videos (YouTube): [No Video's Available yet]  
PDF (Google Drive): [No PDF's Available yet]

### Support
When you need help, might it be, just a question or your having an issue you need to resolve, there are a few places to go

Discord Server: https://discordapp.com/invite/fYExGbz

## Bugs
Please report all crashes to the Issues Tab above. This will help us in fixing these bugs quickly and patch them in a new release. Please if you see a report for a similar bug please don’t open a new issue.
